This package setups up for Raspberry PI 7" touchscreen display
and also for HDMI display on HDMI 0
It may also work on other DSI displays with some or all functionality

VenusOS already includes much of the support for the RPI display
    the touch screen calibration included in the image appears to work
    with the RPI display even if the display is rotated 180 degrees
    the backlight kernal module appears to be in place

This script:
    adds screensaver (blanking) and brightness control (RPI display only) from Venus GUI
    activates the local GUI
    optionally rotates the display 180 degrees
    resets the max and default values for /Settings/Gui/Brightness to accommodate the RPI display max of 255
    For HDMI displays selects automatic configuration, mode presets or full custom configuraiton
    runs touch screen calibration (optional)

Do NOT install this package if you do NOT want a local display (running Venus "headless")
Uninstalling this package will disable the local GUI !

This script is designed to run without any command line interaction e.g., from the Package Manager in the GUI
	but ONLY for the RPI display
	Without the command line, this script discovers the RPI display automatically.
	The package must be partially installed, then Venus rebooted in order to discover the display type
		and finish the installation.
	Note: an HDMI display can not be auto-discovered. The setup script must be run from the command line.

The script can also be run from the command line.
	The user is prompted for display type: RPI, HDMI, skipping the auto-discovery mechanism.

	Custom devices for blanking and dimming may also be entered as /sys/class/...

	Files for these custom devices are stored in /data/setupOptions/RpiDisplaySetup and can be edited manually.
	If present, these files overwrite the display type selection

Touch screen calibraiton can be run from the command line.
The script will install ts_calibrate from the internet if it is not present on the system.
Then the script will disable the GUI and reboot the system and run ts_calibrate,
then will reboot the system again to restore the GUI.
The display should be producing the proper image BEFORE running touch screen calibration.

This script will also be called from reinstallMods to reinstall functionality after a Venus update

Only the RPI touchscreen supports dimming (other DSI displays might also)
	while HDMI does not support any dimming mechanism.

Some HDMI displays have no backlight control. In this case the screen will go black 
but may still glow if backlight remains on

Some HDMI displays may require manual modification to /u-boot/config.txt.
If this is needed, either do not use RpiDisplaySetup or manually edit config.txt
	AFTER running RpiDisplaySetup' setup script
	config.txt is not overwritten by Venus OS updates so any modifications you make should persist.

Setup:

The easiest way to install this or other of my packages is to first install SetupHelper (v4.0 or later),
then use Package Manager from the GUI. Refer to the SetupHelper ReadMe for instructions.
